feat(lambda-event-sources): failure handling for stream event sources (#5929)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/@aws-cdk/aws-lambda-event-sources/README.md

and add it to your Lambda function. The following parameters will impact Amazon DynamoDB's polling behavior:

* __batchSize__: Determines how many records are buffered before invoking your lambda function - could impact your function's memory usage (if too high) and ability to keep up with incoming data velocity (if too low).
* __bisectBatchOnError__: If a batch encounters an error, this will cause the batch to be split in two and have each new smaller batch retried, allowing the records in error to be isolated.

> * __maxBatchingWindow__: The maximum amount of time to gather records before invoking the lambda. This increases the likelihood of a full batch at the cost of possibly delaying processing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* __maxBatchingWindow__: The maximum amount of time to gather records before invoking the lambda. This increases the likelihood of a full batch at the cost of delayed processing.
```

> * __maxRecordAge__: The maximum age of a record that will be sent to the function for processing.

Reviewer: Add a short phrase or sentence about what happens to records that exceed this age.

> * __onFailure__: In the event a record fails and consumes all retries, the record will be sent to SQS queue or SNS topic that is specified here

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* __onFailure__: In the event a record fails after all retries or if the record age has exceeded the configured value, the record will be sent to SQS queue or SNS topic that is specified here
```

* __parallelizationFactor__: The number of batches to concurrently process on each shard.
* __retryAttempts__: The maximum number of times a record should be retried in the event of failure.
* __startingPosition__: Will determine where to being consumption, either at the most recent ('LATEST') record or the oldest record ('TRIM_HORIZON'). 'TRIM_HORIZON' will ensure you process all available data, while 'LATEST' will ignore all reocrds that arrived prior to attaching the event source.

> 

Reviewer: Let's throw a text here along the lines of "Learn more about configuring Lambda function event sources with DynamoDB [here](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/with-ddb.html)"

Author: The links was already there in the header of the section.  I added some clarifying text.

* __bisectBatchOnError__: If a batch encounters an error, this will cause the batch to be split in two and have each new smaller batch retried, allowing the records in error to be isolated.
* __maxBatchingWindow__: The maximum amount of time to gather records before invoking the lambda. This increases the likelihood of a full batch at the cost of possibly delaying processing.
* __maxRecordAge__: The maximum age of a record that will be sent to the function for processing.
* __onFailure__: In the event a record fails and consumes all retries, the record will be sent to SQS queue or SNS topic that is specified here
* __parallelizationFactor__: The number of batches to concurrently process on each shard.
* __retryAttempts__: The maximum number of times a record should be retried in the event of failure.
* __startingPosition__: Will determine where to being consumption, either at the most recent ('LATEST') record or the oldest record ('TRIM_HORIZON'). 'TRIM_HORIZON' will ensure you process all available data, while 'LATEST' will ignore all reocrds that arrived prior to attaching the event source.

> 

Reviewer: Let's throw a text here along the lines of "Learn more about configuring Lambda function event sources with Kinesis [here](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/with-kinesis.html)"

Author: Fixed some of the header documentation and updated the link
